QUICKSTART.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide

## Installation

```bash
# 1. Run the installation script
bash install.sh

# 2. This will:
#    - Install Miniconda (if needed)
#    - Create 'cyberdeck' conda environment
#    - Install all Python dependencies
#    - Set up directory structure
```

## Running the Application

### Option 1: Using the launcher
```bash
./cyberdeck
```

### Option 2: Manual activation
```bash
conda activate cyberdeck
python core/main.py
```

## First Steps

1. **Launch the application**: `./cyberdeck`

2. **Navigate the menu**:
   - Use `j/k` or arrow keys to navigate
   - Press `Enter` to select
   - Press `q` to quit
   - Click with mouse or tap on touchscreen

3. **Try the modules**:
   - **[1] Sub-GHz Analyzer**: Demo of 433MHz signal capture
   - **[2] NFC Tools**: Demo of NFC card operations
   - **[3] WiFi Security**: 6 attack scenarios (demo)
   - **[4] System Tools**: System information and monitoring

4. **View system status**:
   - Top status bar shows battery, WiFi signal, temperature, time, IP

## Configuration

Edit `config/main.yaml` to:
- Enable/disable hardware modules
- Configure I2C, SPI, GPIO pins
- Set module priorities
- Configure WiFi scenarios

Example:
```yaml
hardware:
  nfc:
    enabled: true
    interface: "pn532_i2c"
    i2c_bus: 0
    i2c_address: 0x24
```

## Module Development

Create custom modules:

1. Create directory: `modules/mymodule/`
2. Add `__init__.py` and `mymodule.py`
3. Extend `BaseModule` class
4. See `docs/MODULE_API.md` for details

## Troubleshooting

**Problem**: urwid import error
```bash
conda activate cyberdeck
pip install urwid
```

**Problem**: Permission denied for I2C/SPI
```bash
sudo usermod -a -G i2c,spi,gpio $USER
# Then logout and login again
```

**Problem**: Module not loading
- Check `logs/` directory for error messages
- Verify hardware is connected
- Check module configuration in `config/main.yaml`

## Hardware Integration

This is a **demo implementation**. To integrate real hardware:

1. **CC1101 (Sub-GHz)**:
   - Connect via SPI
   - Implement CC1101 register read/write in `modules/subghz/cc1101_driver.py`

2. **PN532 (NFC)**:
   - Install: `pip install nfcpy`
   - Connect via I2C or SPI
   - Uncomment nfcpy imports in `modules/nfc/nfc_module.py`

3. **WiFi Adapters**:
   - Ensure monitor mode capable adapters
   - Install: `apt install hcxtools hcxdumptool`

## Support

- **Documentation**: See `docs/` directory
- **Module API**: `docs/MODULE_API.md`
- **Issues**: https://github.com/yourusername/cyberdeck-interface/issues

## Legal Notice

⚠️ **Use responsibly!** Only test networks you own or have explicit permission to test.

---

**Ready to hack!** 🚀

Commit message:

Fix config path issue and add improved launcher script
**Problem Fixed:**
- Config path was being duplicated (config/config/main.yaml)
- Missing ./cyberdeck launcher script
- Conda initialization issues in install.sh

**Changes:**

1. **core/main.py**:
   - Fixed default config path from 'config/main.yaml' to 'main.yaml'
   - ConfigLoader already adds 'config/' prefix, no need to duplicate
   - Updated help text to clarify path is relative to config/ directory

2. **cyberdeck launcher script** (NEW):
   - Beautiful ASCII art banner with v3.0 version
   - Automatic conda environment detection and activation
   - Fallback to system Python if conda not available
   - Dependency checking (urwid, yaml)
   - Permission warnings for hardware access (gpio/spi/i2c groups)
   - Color-coded output for better UX
   - Passes all command-line arguments to main.py
   - Exit code handling with log directory hint

3. **install.sh**:
   - Updated to v3.0
   - Improved conda initialization in current session
   - Added eval "$(conda shell.bash hook)" for immediate use
   - Source conda.sh if available
   - Checks if launcher exists before overwriting
   - Better error handling for conda installation

4. **QUICKSTART.md**:
   - Added instructions for conda shell reload
   - Documented "conda: command not found" fix
   - Clear step-by-step with numbered instructions
   - Added troubleshooting for installation failures

**Usage:**
```bash
# After installation
./cyberdeck

# Or with options
./cyberdeck --log-level DEBUG
./cyberdeck --no-ui
./cyberdeck -c custom_config.yaml
```

**Features:**
- Automatic environment detection
- Graceful fallback if conda not available
- Comprehensive pre-flight checks
- User-friendly error messages
- Professional terminal UI

This fixes the installation issues users were experiencing.

QUICKSTART.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide

## Installation

```bash
# 1. Run the installation script
bash install.sh

# 2. If conda was just installed, reload your shell:
source ~/.bashrc
# or close and reopen your terminal

# 3. The installation will:
#    - Install Miniconda (if needed)
#    - Create 'cyberdeck' conda environment
#    - Install all Python dependencies
#    - Set up directory structure

# 4. If installation failed at "conda: command not found":
#    Reload shell and run install.sh again:
source ~/.bashrc
bash install.sh
```

## Running the Application

### Option 1: Using the launcher
```bash
./cyberdeck
```

### Option 2: Manual activation
```bash
conda activate cyberdeck
python core/main.py
```

## First Steps

1. **Launch the application**: `./cyberdeck`

2. **Navigate the menu**:
   - Use `j/k` or arrow keys to navigate
   - Press `Enter` to select
   - Press `q` to quit
   - Click with mouse or tap on touchscreen

3. **Try the modules**:
   - **[1] Sub-GHz Analyzer**: Demo of 433MHz signal capture
   - **[2] NFC Tools**: Demo of NFC card operations
   - **[3] WiFi Security**: 6 attack scenarios (demo)
   - **[4] System Tools**: System information and monitoring

4. **View system status**:
   - Top status bar shows battery, WiFi signal, temperature, time, IP

## Configuration

Edit `config/main.yaml` to:
- Enable/disable hardware modules
- Configure I2C, SPI, GPIO pins
- Set module priorities
- Configure WiFi scenarios

Example:
```yaml
hardware:
  nfc:
    enabled: true
    interface: "pn532_i2c"
    i2c_bus: 0
    i2c_address: 0x24
```

## Module Development

Create custom modules:

1. Create directory: `modules/mymodule/`
2. Add `__init__.py` and `mymodule.py`
3. Extend `BaseModule` class
4. See `docs/MODULE_API.md` for details

## Troubleshooting

**Problem**: urwid import error
```bash
conda activate cyberdeck
pip install urwid
```

**Problem**: Permission denied for I2C/SPI
```bash
sudo usermod -a -G i2c,spi,gpio $USER
# Then logout and login again
```

**Problem**: Module not loading
- Check `logs/` directory for error messages
- Verify hardware is connected
- Check module configuration in `config/main.yaml`

## Hardware Integration

This is a **demo implementation**. To integrate real hardware:

1. **CC1101 (Sub-GHz)**:
   - Connect via SPI
   - Implement CC1101 register read/write in `modules/subghz/cc1101_driver.py`

2. **PN532 (NFC)**:
   - Install: `pip install nfcpy`
   - Connect via I2C or SPI
   - Uncomment nfcpy imports in `modules/nfc/nfc_module.py`

3. **WiFi Adapters**:
   - Ensure monitor mode capable adapters
   - Install: `apt install hcxtools hcxdumptool`

## Support

- **Documentation**: See `docs/` directory
- **Module API**: `docs/MODULE_API.md`
- **Issues**: https://github.com/yourusername/cyberdeck-interface/issues

## Legal Notice

⚠️ **Use responsibly!** Only test networks you own or have explicit permission to test.

---

**Ready to hack!** 🚀
